CONTRIBUTING..md, before:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

### Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

- Using welcoming and inclusive language
- Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
- Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
- Focusing on what is best for the community
- Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

- The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
  advances
- Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
- Public or private harassment
- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

Commit message:

Added steps of contributing code

CONTRIBUTING..md, after:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change.

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

### Steps of contributing code:

- Make sure your code is well formatted and properly indented.
- Use standard naming conventions like camelCase for functions and PascalCase for Classes.
- Explain the changes you have made using Sample input-output wherever possible.
- Please contribute original code and avoid plagiarism.

### Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

- Using welcoming and inclusive language
- Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
- Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
- Focusing on what is best for the community
- Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

- The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
  advances
- Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
- Public or private harassment
- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting
